docs: document edge management console (#2186)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edge-host-management/create-cluster.md

Reviewer: @lennessyy We normally add all the available fields in a table below the step with a description. Can we do the same for this page please.

3. Click **Create cluster**.

4. Fill out **Basic Information** such as cluster name and tag. Click **Next**.

5. If you built a cluster definition into your Edge installer ISO, you can either choose to use the embedded config or
   import a cluster configuration file. The embedded config uses a configuration you defined during the creation of the
   ISO image you used to install Palette Edge on your Edge host.

   To learn more about how to export a cluster configuration and import it during this step, refer to
   [Export Cluster Definition](./export-cluster-definition.md).

   After you finish configuring the cluster profile, click **Next**.

6. In the **Cluster Config** step, enter a virtual IP address to be used by your cluster. Optionally, you can also
   specify a Network Time Protocol server and an SSH public key.

   Optionally, you can also enabled network overlay, especially if your cluster will operate in an DHCP environment. For
   more information, refer to [Enable Overlay Network](../networking/vxlan-overlay.md). If you enable the overlay
   network, you need to specify a CIDR range to be used by the overlay network.

> 7. In the **Node Config** step, you con specify configurations for the master pool of your single-node cluster. For more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the **Node Config** step, you can specify configurations for the control plane pool of your single-node cluster. For more
```
